Jason, if you feel you have a better way of approaching anything below please discuss it with me.  I value your input.  Let me know if I missed anything.


Fix the alignment problem.

Move the upload form out of the Universal Processor Page and to its own “Form Management” page.

 

Forms Manager Page (Phase 1)...

Wizard style interface.
Setup a table with data for custom fields (We will make an interface to modify those next/soon)..  does not need to be verbatim: Link ID | Display Name | Value | Location.  Where the location is one of the 3 below.
For the Firm
For the Client
For the Case
Localize Forms to..
Note: do not do this yet. Just create a pane to house it when we do. It will be on the right above the field properties
Do not automate the form grabbing system in this phase. We will manually upload them.
Phase one will only use the global form section. Set it up in the database that way. Record the form name and check it against that real quick.
User can upload forms and modify the fields. Field alignment is stored in the database specific to the Firm.
Just the global template for the form at the moment.
After uploading the form the user can then move fields with drag and drop
on a panel on the right under the form location selector panel they will have options to...
Default Value. If it is a checkmark literally show a checkbox with it checked or unchecked.
Manually set the X and Y Coordinates.
Set the field with. (Numeric Input box)
Set the field height. (Numeric Input box)
Set the field type. (Drop Down)
Set the font size. (Numeric Input box)
Assign Custom Fields (List all custom fields in dropdown. would be nice if we can figure out a way to make it clear which are Firm|Client|Case level fields) I am thinking two dropdowns.. one has the 3 locations and the auto-repopulates the second dropdown. Perhaps have them pre-populated and hide/show the one that applies when the first dropdown is selected)
Add the ability to add our own fields and also if needed, tie it to a prefilled custom field.
At the bottom a dropdown with values (Test Form|Actual Form) with Test form being the default (for now). Then an [Export] button to the right of it. Which will download a PDF file with sample values or how it will actually look.
Note: For now do not bother with letting them modify the test values. We will circle back to that.
At bottom put a [Finished] button which will just reset the form to wait for the next upload.
 